Okay,
guys on Welcome back for another coding exercise.
This this one is a little more complicated.
It's gonna draw on several of the things that we've already looked at so far in this
section.
So there are 10 steps.
Now you'll find this file which is called open right close dot XLs X as a downloadable
resource from this lecture.
And this gives the the instructions on what to do.
So I'm just gonna whiz through them.
No,
for you.
Step one,
creating new workbook.
Call it book one dot XLs x and save it to your desktop.
Okay,
No.
Make sure that it has three worksheets,
depending on which version of excel you have.
It may just have one by default.
So if it only has one,
add another two.
So you have cheap one sheet to and sheet three in your tab.
Names at the bottom With that done save and close the workbook.
Ok,
now,
from this workbook open right close,
I went to insert a new module.
No need to add a subroutine called open right close a gay.
The first task is to write a line of code that is going to go and open book one dot x L s X
No.
Be sure when you write the code that you specify the path to your desktop in the solution
file that will have the past to my desktop.
So when you look at the solution at the end obviously,
once you've already programmed this,
you'll have to replace the path to my desktop with the path to your desktop.
Okay.
Now,
if you don't remember how to do that,
go back and have a look at the lecture opening another workbook programmatically and you
can see that you have all of the hints here as to which electric covers this specific
element.
OK,
so you've written a line echoed that is gonna open Book one next step right alone line of
code to activate Book one.
Remember,
you must activate a book before you can select right,
So number seven right.
Two lines of code toe.
Add some text to arrange a one in sheet one,
so just give you a hint.
Your first line will be to select sheet one.
Your second line will be to add some text to range a one,
and you know how to do that because we did it in the last exercise.
Number eight,
Slightly more challenging.
What right?
One line of code toe.
Add some text to range a one in sheet to without selecting it,
and he gonna have to observe the hierarchy.
And again,
if you get stuck,
go back and have a look at the lecture that's mentioned here in the hand.
Your ninth line of code is exactly same as number eight,
but this time you're right in some text to sheet three again a single line of code without
selecting sheet.
Three first,
and the final step is to close on.
Save your workbook.
Now,
When that's done,
I want to test your code.
So obviously going after Open Book one and delete all the text that you just added to range
is a one in sheets 12 and three and close the workbook so you'll start with a blank book,
one workbook,
then run your code and hopefully you should have some text in range.
A one on sheets 12 and three.
Good look,
and I'll see you in the next lecture.